I think concept of case we sorry is
fantastic it's a great way of living a
great way of thinking I think it's good
to have the idea of being a brand being
relaxed every day of the week I mean
it's nice to kind of put those high
heels on them you know the tight tops
and the tight skirts but once in a while
you just want to be casually you just
want to be so relaxed and this is
exactly what it is I love cakes plate
shattering I think there's so many cute
things I'm actually bringing a bathing
suit right now and it's really cute
you're gonna check out the back but yeah
they have lots of cute things I'm like
fun summer dresses too too fun bathing
suits so way to go Kate I love Kate
Spade Saturday I actually did all my
Christmas shopping for my shameless cast
there last year bring that a sweater or
a bag or even the cute accessories I
have some of their mugs also cute and I
love the vibe of the brand a lot they
actually had this phone case I thought I
love it says Saturday it's a state of
mind
and I feel like that's very true so Kate
Spade Saturday I want to adopt that suit
of mine's I think you were inspired
oh my gosh I wish Saturday was every day
of the week I usually only get one day
off a week from shameless and it usually
is Saturday so Saturday is everything to
me it is my only moment to spend with my
friends to turn off my cell phone to go
to the gym to sit by the pool and have
three drinks it's everything to me
Saturdays are kind of that moment where
you've been working very hard all week
Saturday is like the reward that's what
you've been working for a second to just
not have to be needed by anyone or
anything and just kind of like pour back
into yourself saturday is obviously the
best day of the week so it makes sense
she used it in the title of the company
um you know I think this party is a
really nice representation of what the
kind of company and the the the clothing
home uh stands for it's very fun fresh
and summery and cute and and and you
feel ladylike in it and sweet so yeah
hence the pink lady like cute bag
saturday is the main day of the weekend
to have a good time is the best
everything I look forward to all week
Saturday is a hammock by the pool the
best day of the week by five and I know
a lot of people have worries about about
us living up to the old show but really
there's there's no comparison you know
the old show was the old show and this
is a new show literally fighting back
the urge to puke all over everyone and
I'm just saying all right
go out there and do your thing